
.TH "vme_dma_write" 3

.SH "NAME"
vme_dma_write - Writes data to the VMEbus using DMA or programmed I/O.


.SH "SYNOPSIS"
int vme_dma_write
.br
(
.br
.in +5
vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle,
.br
vme_dma_handle_t dma_handle,
.br
unsigned long offset,
.br
uint64_t vme_addr,
.br
int am,
.br
size_t nbytes,
.br
int flags
.in
)

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.B vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Handle allocated by vme_master_init(3)
.

.br

.in
.br

.B vme_dma_handle_t dma_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Handle to a DMA buffer allocated by vme_dma_buffer_create(3)
.

.br

.in
.br

.B unsigned long offset
.br
.in +5

.br
Offset from the buffer base address. The first byte of data read is stored at this address.

.br

.in
.br

.B uint64_t vme_addr
.br
.in +5

.br
VMEbus address.

.br

.in
.br

.B int am
.br
.in +5

.br
Address modifier. Possible values are:
.br

.nf
- VME_A16S - Short supervisory access.
.fi

.nf
- VME_A16U - Short nonprivileged access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24SB - Standard supervisory block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24SD - Standard supervisory data access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24SMB - Standard supervisory multiplex block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24SP - Standard supervisory program access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24UB - Standard nonprivileged block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24UD - Standard nonprivileged data access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24UMB - Standard nonprivileged multiplex block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24UP - Standard nonprivileged program access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32SB - Extended supervisory block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32SD - Extended supervisory data access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32SMB - Extended supervisory multiplex block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32SP - Extended supervisory program access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32UB - Extended nonprivileged block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32UD - Extended nonprivileged data access
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32UMB - Extended nonprivileged multiplex block transfer
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32UP - Extended nonprivileged program access
.fi

.in
.br

.B size_t nbytes
.br
.in +5

.br
Number of bytes of data to transfer.

.br

.in
.br

.B int flags
.br
.in +5

.br
Flags used to indicate special transfer features. The value specified will be an "OR" of the following possible values for the Tundra Universe II device.

.br

.nf
- VME_DMA_64_BIT - Enable 64-bit PCI bus transfers
.fi

.br
One of the following data widths can be used. If a data width is not specified, a default value is chosen based on the address modifier.

.br

.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_8
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_16
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_32
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_64
.fi

.br
One of the following settings of the VON counter can be used, to indicates how many bytes of data to transfer before the bus is released. If a flag is not specified, the bus is held until the transfer completes.

.br

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_256
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_512
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_1024
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_2048
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_4096
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_8192
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_16384
.fi

.br
One of the following settings of the VOFF counter can be used, to indicates how many microseconds to wait before reaquiring the bus. If a flag is not specified, the bus is immediately re-requested.

.br

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_16
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_32
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_64
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_128
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_256
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_512
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_1024
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_2000
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_4000
.fi

.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_8000
.fi

.in
.br


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Writes data to the VMEbus using DMA or programmed I/O.

.br

.SH "RETURNS"


.br
0 on success, or -1 on failure.

.br


.SH "NOTES"
Not all max data widths are available for all address modifiers.

.br
The default max data width is the maximum width available for the given address modifier.

.br

.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_dma_buffer_create(3), vme_dma_buffer_map(3), vme_dma_buffer_phys_addr(3), vme_dma_buffer_release(3), vme_dma_buffer_unmap(3), vme_dma_read(3)
.br
