
.TH "vme_peek" 1

.SH "NAME"
vme_peek - Reads values from the VMEbus using memory-mapped registers.


.SH "SYNOPSIS"
vme_peek [-a addr_mod] [-A vme_addr] [-d dwidth] [-e num_elem] [-f flags] [-p phys_addr]
.SH "OPTIONS"

.B -a addr_mod
.in +5


.br
VMEbus address modifer. Possible values are:
.br


.nf
- VME_A16S - Short supervisory access.
.fi


.nf
- VME_A16U - Short nonprivileged access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SB - Standard supervisory block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SD - Standard supervisory data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SMB - Standard supervisory multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SP - Standard supervisory program access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UB - Standard nonprivileged block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UD - Standard nonprivileged data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UMB - Standard nonprivileged multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UP - Standard nonprivileged program access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SB - Extended supervisory block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SD - Extended supervisory data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SMB - Extended supervisory multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SP - Extended supervisory program access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UB - Extended nonprivileged block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UD - Extended nonprivileged data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UMB - Extended nonprivileged multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UP - Extended nonprivileged program access
.fi


.in

.B -A vme_addr
.in +5


.br
VMEbus address at which to begin the transfer.
.br


.in

.B -d dwidth
.in +5


.br
Transfer data width. Possible values are:
.br


.nf
- VME_D8
.fi


.nf
- VME_D16
.fi


.nf
- VME_D32
.fi


.nf
- VME_D64
.fi


.in

.B -e num_elem
.in +5


.br
Number of data width sized elements to transfer.
.br


.in

.B -f flags
.in +5


.br
Flags to pass to the vme_master_window_create(3)
 function. The following constants may be OR'ed together:

.br


.nf
- VME_CTL_PWEN - Enable posted writes.
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_EXCLUSIVE - This window will not be shared.
.fi


.br
One of the following values for max data width can be used. If a value is not specifed, a default max data width is selected.
.br


.nf
- VME_CTL_MAX_DW_64
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_MAX_DW_32
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_MAX_DW_16
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_MAX_DW_8
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_PCI_IO_SPACE - Open the window to PCI I/O space
.fi


.in

.B -p phys_addr
.in +5


.br
Specifies the local physical address to which the VMEbus window should translate. Not applicable with Solaris.

.br


.in


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Reads values from the VMEbus using memory-mapped registers.

.br

.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_poke(1)
.br
