
.TH "vme_slave_window_create" 3

.SH "NAME"
vme_slave_window_create - Allocates a VMEbus Slave Window handle.


.SH "SYNOPSIS"
int vme_slave_window_create
.br
(
.br
.in +5
vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle,
.br
vme_slave_handle_t * window_handle,
.br
uint64_t vme_addr,
.br
int address_space,
.br
size_t size,
.br
int flags,
.br
void * phys_addr
.in
)

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.B vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Handle allocated by vme_init(3)
.

.br

.in
.br

.B vme_slave_handle_t * window_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Pointer to the window handle to allocate.

.br

.in
.br

.B uint64_t vme_addr
.br
.in +5

.br
VMEbus address.

.br

.in
.br

.B int address_space
.br
.in +5

.br
VMEbus address space. Valid values are:

.br

.nf
- VME_A16
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24
.fi

.nf
- VME_A32
.fi

.in
.br

.B size_t size
.br
.in +5

.br
Minimum size of the window, in bytes.

.br

.in
.br

.B int flags
.br
.in +5

.br
Flags indicating special window features. If a value is specified, it must be a bitwise "OR" of the following values for the Tundra Universe II device:

.br

.nf
- VME_CTL_PWEN - Posted writes enabled.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_PREN - Prefetch reads enabled.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_64_BIT - Enable 64-bit PCI transactions.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_RMW - Enable PCI bus lock on VMEbus read-modify-write cycles.
.fi

.br
One of the following address modes can be used. If a mode is not specified, the window responds to accesses in either mode.

.br

.nf
- VME_CTL_PROGRAM_ONLY - Respond to program address modifiers only.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_DATA_ONLY - Respond to data address modifiers only.
.fi

.br
One of the following address privileges can be used. If a privledge is not specified, the window responds to accesses of either privledge.

.br

.nf
- VME_CTL_SUPER_ONLY - Respond to supervisor address modifiers only.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_USER_ONLY - Respond to user address modifiers only.
.fi

.br
One of the following PCI address spaces can be used. If a flag is not specified, the window maps to PCI memory space.

.br

.nf
- VME_CTL_PCI_CONFIG - Access PCI bus using configuration cycles.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_PCI_IO_SPACE - Access PCI bus I/O space.
.fi

.in
.br

.B void * phys_addr
.br
.in +5

.br
Specifies the local physical address to which the VMEbus window should translate.  If NULL, the driver attempts to allocate physical RAM.

.br

.in
.br


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Allocates a VMEbus Slave Window handle. If a suitable window is already configured within the bridge device, then that window will be used, otherwise, a VMEbus window is created to access the specified address and address space.

.br

.SH "RETURNS"


.br
0 on success or -1 on failure

.br


.SH "NOTES"
Setting VME_CTL_64_BIT results in a performance degradation when accessing 32-bit targets.

.br
Setting VME_CTL_64_BIT results in performance degradation when accessing 64-bit targets if less than 64 bits of data are being transferred.

.br
Enabling VME_CTL_RMW for a Slave Window may reduce performance for all transactions through that Slave Window.

.br

.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_slave_window_map(3), vme_slave_window_phys_addr(3), vme_slave_window_release(3), vme_slave_window_unmap(3)
.br
