
.TH "vme_interrupt_attach" 3

.SH "NAME"
vme_interrupt_attach - Associates the current process with a VME interrupt level.


.SH "SYNOPSIS"
int vme_interrupt_attach
.br
(
.br
.in +5
vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle,
.br
vme_interrupt_handle_t * interrupt_handle,
.br
int level,
.br
int vector,
.br
int flags,
.br
void * data
.in
)

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.B vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Handle allocated by vme_init(3)
.

.br

.in
.br

.B vme_interrupt_handle_t * interrupt_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Pointer to the interrupt handle to allocate.

.br

.in
.br

.B int level
.br
.in +5

.br
VMEbus interrupt level. Possible values for the Tundra Universe II device are:

.br

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VOWN
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ1
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ2
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ3
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ4
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ5
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ6
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_VIRQ7
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_DMA
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_LERR
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_BERR
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_SW_IACK
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_SW_INT
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_SYSFAIL
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_ACFAIL
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_MBOX0
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_MBOX1
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_MBOX2
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_MBOX3
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_LM0
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_LM1
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_LM2
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_LM3
.fi

.in
.br

.B int vector
.br
.in +5

.br
Interrupt vector. Possible values are 0 to 255 for VIRQ[1-7], or 0 for all other interrupt levels.

.br

.in
.br

.B int flags
.br
.in +5

.br
Interrupt flags. Indicates the type of interrupt notification.  Possible values are:

.br

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_BLOCKING
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_SIGEVENT
.fi

.nf
- VME_INTERRUPT_RESERVE
.fi

.in
.br

.B void * data
.br
.in +5

.br
For VME_INTERRUPT_SIGEVENT, a sigevent structure describing the signal to return is. For VME_INTERRUPT_BLOCKING, a value is returned.

.br

.in
.br


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Associates the current process with a VME interrupt level.

.br

.br
For certain interrupts, a data value is returned by either the reply parameter for blocking interrupts (VME_INTERRUPT_BLOCKING), or for Linux only by the signal value structure member if POSIX real-time signals are used (VME_INTERRUPT_SIGEVENT). In the case of VIRQ1-7, the value is the interrupt vector; in the case of a DMA interrupt, the value is the status of the DGCS register; in the case of BERR, the value is the address of the bus error; and in the case of a mailbox interrupt, the value is the mailbox data.

.br

.br
Reserved interrupts (VME_INTERRUPT_RESERVE) are a special case with kernel modules only. This flag informs the VME driver that another module will process interrupts of the given VMEbus interrupt level. Not applicable with Solaris.

.br

.SH "RETURNS"


.br
0 on success, or -1 on failure.

.br


.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_interrupt_generate(3), vme_interrupt_release(3)
.br
