
.TH "vme_dma_read" 1

.SH "NAME"
vme_dma_read - Reads values from the VMEbus using DMA transfers or programmed I/O.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
vme_dma_read [-a addr_mod] [-A vme_addr] [-d dwidth] [-e num_elem] [-f flags] [-p phys_addr]
.SH "OPTIONS"

.B -a addr_mod
.in +5


.br
VMEbus address modifer. Possible values are:
.br


.nf
- VME_A16S - Short supervisory access.
.fi


.nf
- VME_A16U - Short nonprivileged access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SB - Standard supervisory block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SD - Standard supervisory data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SMB - Standard supervisory multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24SP - Standard supervisory program access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UB - Standard nonprivileged block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UD - Standard nonprivileged data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UMB - Standard nonprivileged multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24UP - Standard nonprivileged program access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SB - Extended supervisory block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SD - Extended supervisory data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SMB - Extended supervisory multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32SP - Extended supervisory program access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UB - Extended nonprivileged block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UD - Extended nonprivileged data access
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UMB - Extended nonprivileged multiplex block transfer
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32UP - Extended nonprivileged program access
.fi


.in

.B -A vme_addr
.in +5


.br
VMEbus address at which to begin transfer.
.br


.in

.B -d dwidth
.in +5


.br
Display data width.  Possible values are:
.br


.nf
- VME_D8
.fi


.nf
- VME_D16
.fi


.nf
- VME_D32
.fi


.nf
- VME_D64
.fi


.in

.B -e num_elem
.in +5


.br
Number of data width sized elements to transfer.
.br


.in

.B -f flags
.in +5


.br
Flags used to indicate special transfer features. The value specified will be an "OR" of the following possible values for the Tundra Universe II device.
.br


.nf
- VME_DMA_64_BIT - Enable 64-bit PCI bus transfers
.fi


.br
One of the following data widths can be used. If a data width is not specified, a default value is chosen based on the address modifier.
.br


.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_8
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_16
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_32
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_DW_64
.fi


.br
One of the following settings of the VON counter can be used, to indicates how many bytes of data to transfer before the bus is released. If a flag is not specified, the bus is held until the transfer completes.
.br


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_256
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_512
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_1024
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_2048
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_4096
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_8192
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VON_16384
.fi


.br
One of the following settings of the VOFF counter can be used, to indicates how many microseconds to wait before reaquiring the bus. If a flag is not specified, the bus is immediately re-requested.
.br


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_16
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_32
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_64
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_128
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_256
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_512
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_1024
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_2000
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_4000
.fi


.nf
- VME_DMA_VOFF_8000
.fi


.in

.B -p phys_addr
.in +5


.br
Not applicable.
.br


.in


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Reads values from the VMEbus using DMA transfers or programmed I/O.

.br

.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_dma_write(1)
.br
