
.TH "vme_location_monitor_create" 3

.SH "NAME"
vme_location_monitor_create - Creates a location monitor image.


.SH "SYNOPSIS"
int vme_location_monitor_create
.br
(
.br
.in +5
vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle,
.br
vme_lm_handle_t * monitor_handle,
.br
uint64_t vme_addr,
.br
int as,
.br
int reserved,
.br
int flags
.in
)

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.B vme_bus_handle_t bus_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Handle allocated by vme_init(3)
.

.br

.in
.br

.B vme_lm_handle_t * monitor_handle
.br
.in +5

.br
Pointer to the location monitor handle to allocate.

.br

.in
.br

.B uint64_t vme_addr
.br
.in +5

.br
VMEbus address.

.br

.in
.br

.B int as
.br
.in +5

.br
VMEbus address space. Valid values are:

.br

.nf
- VME_A32
.fi

.nf
- VME_A24
.fi

.nf
- VME_A16
.fi

.in
.br

.B int reserved
.br
.in +5

.br
Reserved for future use.

.br

.in
.br

.B int flags
.br
.in +5

.br
Flags indicating special window features. A value of 0 indicates that driver default values will be used.  If a value is specified, it must be a bitwise "OR" of the following values for the Tundra Universe II device.

.br

.br
One of the following address modes can be used. If a mode is not specified, the window responds to accesses in either mode.

.br

.nf
- VME_CTL_PROGRAM_ONLY - Respond to program address modifiers only.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_DATA_ONLY - Respond to data address modifiers only.
.fi

.br
One of the following address privileges can be used. If a privledge is not specified, the window responds to accesses of either privledge.

.br

.nf
- VME_CTL_SUPER_ONLY - Respond to supervisor address modifiers only.
.fi

.nf
- VME_CTL_USER_ONLY - Respond to user address modifiers only.
.fi

.in
.br


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Creates a location monitor image.

.br

.SH "RETURNS"


.br
0 on success or -1 on failure

.br


.SH "NOTES"
Only one location monitor image can exist at any time.

.br

.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_location_monitor_release(3)
.br
