
.TH "vme_slave_poke" 1

.SH "NAME"
vme_slave_poke - Reads data from local slave RAM using memory-mapped registers.


.SH "SYNOPSIS"
vme_slave_poke [-a addr_space] [-A vme_addr] [-d dwidth] [-e num_elem] [-f flags] [-F file] [-p phys_addr]
.SH "OPTIONS"

.B -a addr_space
.in +5


.br
VMEbus address space. Possible values are:
.br


.nf
- VME_A16 - Short I/O
.fi


.nf
- VME_A24 - Standard I/O
.fi


.nf
- VME_A32 - Extended I/O
.fi


.in

.B -A vme_addr
.in +5


.br
Searchs for slave memory mapped to the defined VMEbus address.

.br


.in

.B -d dwidth
.in +5


.br
Transfer data width.  Possible values are:
.br


.nf
- VME_D8
.fi


.nf
- VME_D16
.fi


.nf
- VME_D32
.fi


.nf
- VME_D64
.fi


.in

.B -e num_elem
.in +5


.br
Number of data width sized elements to transfer.
.br


.in

.B -f flags
.in +5


.br
Flags to pass to the vme_slave_window_create(3)
 function. The following constants may be OR'ed together:

.br


.nf
- VME_CTL_PWEN - Enables posted writes.
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_PREN - Enables prefetch reads.
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_64_BIT - Enables 64-bit PCI transactions.
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_RMW - Enables a PCI bus lock on VMEbus read-modify-write cycle.
.fi


.br
One of the following address modes can be used. If a mode is not specified, the window responds to accesses in either mode.
.br


.nf
- VME_CTL_PROGRAM_ONLY - Responds to program address modifiers only.
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_DATA_ONLY - Responds to data address modifiers only.
.fi


.br
One of the following address privileges can be used. If a mode is not specified, the window responds to accesses in either modes.
.br


.nf
- VME_CTL_SUPER_ONLY - Responds to supervisor address modifiers only.
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_USER_ONLY - Responds to user address modifiers only.
.fi


.br
One of the following PCI address spaces can be used. If a flag is not specifed, the window maps to PCI memory space.
.br


.nf
- VME_CTL_PCI_CONFIG
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_PCI_IO_SPACE
.fi


.nf
- VME_CTL_PCI_IO_SPACE - Open the window to PCI I/O space. Not applicable with Solaris.
.fi


.in

.B -F file
.in +5


.br
File containing the hexdata to transfer.

.br


.in

.B -p phys_addr
.in +5


.br
Specifies the local physical address to which the window will translate.

.br


.in


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.br
Reads data from local slave RAM using memory-mapped registers.

.br

.SH "SEE ALSO"
vme_slave_peek(1)
.br
